For awhile now I've been wanting to write about this new project and where I'm going with it, but I've been so caught up in life that my direction keeps changing, my moods keep changing, honestly I don't even really know where I'm going with it or my life right now. One minute I'm doing good and that light in me is shining bright and the next minute depression comes along and knocks me off my feet and I hate all of it. I find myself questioning myself, my purpose, my worth, my choices. It's easy to stay in the light during the day but when the sun goes down, it seems I go down with it.

I will say that I'm in a much better place mentally than I was a year ago. This time last year I really didn't want to be here at all, I had no desire to live at all. I gave up and I just flat out quit. I was careless and wreckless and luckily I wanted to get help for myself and got into a rehab program for a little while but the situation I was in at the time really did give me the chance to get the help I was seeking. I found the best therapy for me was music and friends and family. If I could erase any part of my life it would be the last 2 years for sure. I know that if I could go back to April of 2017 knowing what I know now, I would have done things so much different but I guess we could all say that about something in our lives.

I spent the majority of that time writing about my marriage and how what happened to that marriage affected me, but I said everything I needed to say and probably more than I should have, I knew I needed to shift my focus
