For the last 2 years I have watched you take everything I loved, worked for and wanted over and over again and have done nothing but talk shit occasionally, Stevie says I have no backbone and that was true 💯 up until I chose to let go of doing the right thing as to doing the wrong thing but for the right reasons. We all eventually pay for the consequences of our actions. I know I am supposed to be judge jury and executioner and as satisfying as it might be for me to take everything away from you by ending your shit, I found a better way tonight to get the peace I want out of this. I am not your karma. Stevie is. That woman is going to fuck you up more than anyone in your life. Those dumbass texts you sent me yesterday morning was the biggest bunch of bullshit I've read in a long time. I hope that you were really just trying to piss me off instead of actually believing that Stevie is in love with you, cause if that were true even the least bit, she would never let you get away with the shit that you do. Me and her had this conversation many times, I said what the fuck is he to you and says that you are nobody, just somebody who could support when I couldn't and you know at first I didn't believe that shit,  but after all the texts I got about you seeing other woman and jacking off 24/7 I realized she wasn't lying because that kind of shit would fuck her up and on top of that she would never let you do and get away with everything you do. The only reason you can do what you want is because of that giant void inside if her that just doesn't give a fuck and all she wants is to use you and be used by you because that's what she really believes she deserves after all of this. I mean come on use that giant fucking purposeless brain of yours and look at the bigger picture. You got one friend basically because nobody likes because of the pure fact that you're just a shitty fucking person, I mean nobody fucking likes you even ordinary people outside of the relationship that I don't even know when they here your name the first thing they say is that guys is a fucking tool. So my point is after all this, is you've taken more than I ever should have allowed from me, but you will not take my life by sending me down the wrong path cause I'm telling you what mother fucker if Richard hadn't been with me yesterday and the night before there woukdnt have been shit that could save either one of us just because I get just as fucked up as Stevie now when I'm pissed and I can't stop what I want to do until i do it and they're isn't much that can bring me back to my senses accept for 2 people. I know Stevie loves me deep down and is sorry for causing all of this but she is far too lost to ever come back to where she used to be. Which is why I have been trying to help her find any light because all I want is for her to be happy and to be with any man on this planet that isn't you, cause no matter what she's done to me or how many times she hurt me, I still believe she deserves better than you and by God you can bet your ass that I am never going to give up trying to get her to see that and someday sooner or later she's gonna hurt you in ways killing you would never satisfy me. So basically this is me telling you that even though you have everything that used to be mine and a better car and a better job and your own house, I'm still a better fucking human than you are even on my worst days 🖕🖕 this will be my last message to you cause I told you earlier that I found a better way and by better way is I found something that I overlooked about this whole situation and proof that you really aren't the shit to her that you believe she is and I'm gonna show you that proof at the right time and it's gonna be me who has the last laugh bub. I promise
